hello my friends are on youtube here
who speaks wellington coast
I'm going to introduce my dog ​​today.
chorão recognizes the weeping dog
title even though he found his people
Since I got attached I got a box
shoe in the street violence against
animals
everything on the street then
there is an outbreak there
he is very affectionate
He acknowledges that I like to can he
It is because the animals we love you the
next
animals also the animal when it
used to you are five hundred
He loves Colo Colo now understands and
also comes more
It's good that he does not like and does not know the
business with money without money is not
cool
who wanted to have a dog
so I ask you friends from youtube that
be hard and any however any
against any violence in the
Street
denounce places where they have
dogs are installed if you understand
because we have to love animals
main goal many passed you there ok
with sanfoneira the phone dying
sleep because she for his now
so I ask advice from other years
friendship
take care who has to be the dog in
House
What about your dog because I
I take care of my then I ask you more
once thank you very much
hug